anontool - an open source anonymization tool


DEPENDS
Anontool depends on the following:
(Ubuntu aptitude packages used as a reference)
    - libglib2.0-dev
    - libnet1-dev
    - libpcre3, libpcre3-dev
    - libpcap0.8-dev
    - libxml2-dev

COMPILATION
    - Just type 'make' :-)
    - See below for some important usage notes.

NOTES - USAGE
    - /lib/anonlib.so is the shared library containing the implementation
    of the anonymization framework. Applications are linking onto this
    library.

    - In the /applications/ folder, 3 small apps are provided.

    - Anontool depends on libnids. For the user's convenience, a fairly
    customized version is included under /lib/libnids/. Currently, I'm
    not considering including a make rule for newer versions of libnids.
    However, bear in mind that /lib/libnids/src/libnids.so.1.21 MUST BE
    visible from your loader when attempting to execute an application -
    the simplest way to do that is setting your library path accordingly.

    I will refrain from doing so myself in the make scripts, as it is
    rather intrusive. Please bear with this (stupid, admittedly)
    setup while I'm trying to get rid of libnids..

    - The above issue is due to amd64, R_X86_64_PC32 relocation, stuff
    that was invented to save RAM (by now a moot point) and other bad
    ideas. The current solution favours PIC on amd64 and their awesome
    PC relative addressing. Code on x86 is somewhat bloated as a result,
    and I feel it'll royally fuck cache performance as well, but I haven't
    measured it yet. If somebody is willing to do so, you're welcome -
    please provide me with the results and I'll happily consider a non-PIC
    version (even statically linked).

    - For more information on what you can do with the sample applications
    have a look in /doc/README.

MAINTENANCE
    The current maintainer of this tool is Michael Foukarakis.
    Please report any bugs or feature requests to:
    foukarakis DOT michael AT google's email service domain name

    If you wanted, you could fork anontool from github
    [ https://github.com/mfukar/anontool ], make your changes
    and a pull request to me. :-)

TODO
    Autoconf and automake support will never come, at least from me. If,
    however, you can point me to a usable, stable and free alternative,
    I'd be more than happy to take a look at it.

    Support for L2TP, GRE, GTP, IPsec and other protocols is on the way.

    A TCP reassembly processor (so we can get rid of libnids),
    affectionately named stream6, is also on the way.

    If you want anonymization for another protocol to be implemented,
    drop me a line and I will consider it. Be informed, however, that the
    tool was designed with the thought of new protocols/input sources/etc.
    being added constantly in mind, so it follows a very simple modular
    architecture to allow this without requiring
    extensive knowledge of the code, ie. you can also do it yourself.
